hey guys its lucky from trouble on
gaming now today though Oh today I
decided to show you some of my well get
creations I else got some pecan as to
whether she wants that's okay that's
what um it's a good move you here's just
the castle of built I'm fit right I
haven't really finished ungodly big gate
e like a fence one or whatever so yeah
it's basically i'm gonna add some floors
and having just a individual video
that's about my ward at castle so yeah
now i go over tomorrow I was like oh
look I think I'll call it call it the
cylinder cylinder sphere I think
cylinders to be odd know how to
pronounce let's go down to the entrance
yeah yeah it's a bit dark offhand light
on and it like it's fly out there yeah
some glow sign I've been only 45 minutes
it this is basically inside my and
ceilings fear or whatever it is see I
caught the students fear Lucky's or
Tropper the Traverse Dylan's fear that's
all I call it so yeah there are the only
two things I've bills i'll have another
in the individual video about this and I
had some other things Danny the erica
the severe aware i'll review mods in you
yeah yep in in here while reviewing odds
not I and here's the 1.1 features I
don't just block off like the well it's
different terrains sort of with local
barnes look so here it's swampy oops
keep something in it here it's I will
have a set for grasslands it doesn't
just go one color two different color
sort of fades in there that's another
1.1 update thing with you the article
also have 1.1 videos of all that like
what's changed all that see ya i will be
reviewing mods and yeah all that kind of
stuff just probably off now let's play
probably yeah tomorrow I'll start let's
play yeah that's basically it so i'll be
adding more no it's like i'll be adding
more buildings soon like that's for you
I don't know only we transfer favor on
that one although yeah well the ground
looks so we looks like camouflage hello
so today it is this day from january two
thousand twelve e 15th so amazing yeah
okay i was pretty weird I'm not eating
delicious bacon I'm God's been watching
shark has videos and they shall I case
videos and notice he says that stuff is
my car for years or know if it's better
bodies of videos probably watches
microphones cuz they're funny and
awesome cool hi so yeah it's about it
yeah that's it okay so yeah